This software is an implementation of a generic steerer for the
RealityGrid project. It uses the steering API for the RealityGrid
project.

Research Computing Services, IT Services, University of Manchester.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Prerequisites:

Compilers

You will need a C++ compiler to build the Steerer. The Steerer has
been tested with GCC, Intel and MSVC compilers but hopefully should
compile using any standards compliant compiler.

RealityGrid Steering Library

CMake (see below) will find the Steering library on your machine if it
has been installed in /usr/local or if you set the environment
variable REG_HOME or REG_STEER_HOME to the path containing the lib and
bin directories of the install or build.

You can also input the path by hand into CMake.

Qt and Qwt

The Steerer requires Qt version 4 and Qwt version 5 build against
Qt4. Most modern Linux distributions include both of these packages as
standard but they can be downloaded and built by hand if necessary.

See http://qt.nokia.com and http://qwt.sourceforge.net for
information.

LaTeX

If you would like to build the Steerer manual you will need LaTeX. It
is available from http://www.latex-project.org

CMake

The Steerer is built with an Open Source tool called CMake available
from Kitware, Inc. It is available from here: http://www.cmake.org/
and is provided in a number of different flavours including Win32, Mac
OS X, IRIX, AIX, Linux and source code.

The Steering requires CMake version 2.6 or later.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

How to build and install:

Please see the instructions that come with the Steering Library for
how to use CMake.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The Steerer Options.

Some of these options will only be visible in "advanced mode".

REG_STEERER_INSTALL_TO_REG_DIR - default OFF

If this is set to ON CMake will set CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX to match that
which was used to install the Steering Library. This will ensure that
the Steerer is installed to the same location as the Steering Library.

REG_STEERER_BUILD_DOCUMENTATION - default OFF

Build the Steerer User Manual (requires LaTeX, see above)?

REG_STEERER_DEBUG - default OFF

Add debug messages to Steerer output for debugging purposes?

REG_USE_MODULE_Samples - default sockets

Choose the transport over which sample data is moved. Current choices
are sockets, files or proxy - Only available if the Steering Library
has been built as a modular library.

REG_USE_MODULE_Steering - default sockets

Choose the transport which is used to pass steering messages. Current
choices are sockets, wsrf or files - Only available if the Steering
Library has been built as a modular library.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Any comments, enquiries or pleas for explanation should be directed to
the comp-steering mailing list.  Details available from:

http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?A0=COMP-STEERING
